Document use of bridge to create single 360 platform view for multi-transport scenarios (#6696)
Particular/docs.particular.net: servicecontrol/servicecontrol-instances/remotes.md

class ServiceControlAudit1,ServiceControlAudit2 ServiceControlRemote
```

### Multi-transport deployments

> When using multiple transports the ServiceControl can be setup together with the [MessagingBridge](/nservicebus/bridge/) to allow the entire system to be managed via a single ServicePulse/ServiceInsight installation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a system uses multiple transports, the [Messaging Bridge](/nservicebus/bridge/) can be used to allow management of the entire system by single instances of ServicePulse and ServiceInsight.
```

> When using multiple transports the ServiceControl can be setup together with the [MessagingBridge](/nservicebus/bridge/) to allow the entire system to be managed via a single ServicePulse/ServiceInsight installation.

Reviewer: Based on https://docs.particular.net/servicecontrol/servicecontrol-instances/remotes#overview-multi-region-deployments, it looks ServiceInsight can connect to the main instance without the use of the bridge, so is this only required for ServicePulse?

Author: yes that is correct but I figured that this is the way to go for both SC and SI so that wording is kind of correct?

Reviewer: Yeah, that does make sense actually. Adding a single error instance pointing to two other error instances (as shown in that other diagram) would be an _alternate_ way do it, but just for SI, whereas as this is the way to do it for both SI and SP.

endpointsB -- send audits to --> auditQueueB[audit queue]
errorQueueB -- ingested by --> bridgeB[Bridge]
auditQueueB -- ingested by --> auditB[ServiceControl Audit<br/>remote]
bridgeB -- forwards --> errorQueueA
end

subgraph Transport C
endpointsC[endpoints] -- send errors to --> errorQueueC[error queue]
endpointsC -- send audits to --> auditQueueC[audit queue]
errorQueueC -- ingested by --> bridgeC[Bridge]
auditQueueC -- ingested by --> auditC[ServiceControl Audit<br/>remote]
bridgeC -- forwards --> errorQueueA
end

classDef Endpoints fill:#00A3C4,stroke:#00729C,color:#FFFFFF
classDef Bridge fill:#a8a032,stroke:#00729C,color:#FFFFFF
classDef ServiceInsight fill:#878CAA,stroke:#585D80,color:#FFFFFF
classDef ServicePulse fill:#409393,stroke:#205B5D,color:#FFFFFF
classDef ServiceControlPrimary fill:#A84198,stroke:#92117E,color:#FFFFFF,stroke-width:4px
classDef ServiceControlRemote fill:#A84198,stroke:#92117E,color:#FFFFFF

class endpointsA,endpointsB,endpointsC Endpoints
class bridgeB,bridgeC Bridge
class ServiceInsight ServiceInsight
class ServicePulse ServicePulse
class primaryA,primaryB ServiceControlPrimary
class auditA,auditB,auditC ServiceControlRemote

> ```

Reviewer: For reference, this renders as:

![image](https://github.com/Particular/docs.particular.net/assets/677704/a3bc0d2d-602d-4900-90e6-bdb9bed09358)

For my own understanding at least, when I retry a message using ServicePulse, how does this work? Wouldn't the bridge have to be somehow used to shuffle the message back to relevant transport and endpoint?

Author: the bridge creates proxy queues in all transports so the retry goes to a local queue in transport A that the bridge then picks up and moves to the corresponding queue in the transport its bridging. Does that make sense?

Author: I think that it would clutter the diagram to much to get that in there?

Reviewer: I get it now, thanks! I had a think about how to represent all of that in this diagram neatly but couldn't come up with anything and, in it's current form, it calls out the extra work required (on top of putting the bridge in place for the transports) to use a single ServicePulse, so I guess it makes sense as-is.
